My rules are rules
Li Lan, I'm sorry.
Did Mom implicate you?
Stop talking.
I owe you all these years
What a mother-daughter relationship
I said big sister, you?
Or change careers and become an actor
Ahahahahaha Liang Kun
I warn you.
If you dare to touch a hair on the eldest sister
I'll kill you first.
Qinghong, I know you are very loyal to the eldest sister
But I didn't expect that.
Are you such a loyal dog?
Ahahahaha
Liao Kun, what do you want?
I will make the whole red star surrender at my feet
What are you?
I still want to rule the red star
Don't think about it, you are so big, sister.
That being the case
Then I will take the emperor and order the princes
Kneel down for me
otherwise
I will let your beloved eldest sister be buried with me
You see, you really thought you caught me
Will the Red Army be yours?
You all listen to me
If anything happens to me today
You three have to take good care of Red Star
Leading Red Star to benefit society
Although I, Lin Lan, died without regret